[shopsys] Registration of FriendlyUrlDataProviders is now done via service container (#1140)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-v8.0.0.md

- update the minimal PHP version in your `composer.json` in `require` and `config.platform` section to `7.2` because version `7.1` is no longer supported in Shopsys Framework ([#1066](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1066))
- if you want to use our experimental API follow these instructions in [the separate article](upgrade-instructions-for-backend-api.md) to introduce backend API into your project ([#1055](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1055))
    - we recommend to read [introduction to backend API](/docs/backend-api/introduction-to-backend-api.md) article as well
- if you have implemented any `FriendlyUrlDataProvider` you need to update its use from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` namespace ([#1140](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1140))

>     - if you have overwritten `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry` you need to update its use from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - the namespace of `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry` has changed from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` so change all your usages accordingly
```

        ```
    - check and fix your other tests, they might start failing if they assumed `Product::$availability` is not null when the product is using stock, or that stock quantity is not null when it's not using stock
- follow upgrade instructions for entities simplification in the [separate article](./upgrade-instructions-for-entities-simplification.md) ([#1123](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1123))
- the namespace of `FriendlyUrlDataProviderInterface` has changed from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` so change all your usages accordingly ([#1140](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1140))
    - the namespace of `FriendlyUrlDataProviderRegistry` has changed from `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl\CompilerPass` to `Shopsys\FrameworkBundle\Component\Router\FriendlyUrl` so change all your usages accordingly

>     - update your `service.yml` accordingly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - update your `services.yml` accordingly:
```

Author: fixed

    ```diff
        services:
            _defaults:
                autowire: true

>         	        autoconfigure: true

Reviewer: you have tabs here for some reason :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: I do not know how they got there... fixed
